Document UX implications of windowed notebooks on search (#14667)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/user/interface.rst

When you leave Simple Interface mode, the original layout of the main
area is restored.

Searching
---------

> JupyterLab has an intelligent built-in search plugin for finding text within a
> notebook or other document, which uses the `Ctrl-F` shortcut by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JupyterLab has a built-in search plugin enabling finding text within partially rendered
notebooks or other documents, which uses the `Ctrl-F` shortcut by default.
```

Author: I merged this, but changed the wording to `special` instead of intelligent as I think it better communicates the purpose and function of the plugin. I omitted the partial rendering text as I think it hurts plain-language goals/readability by adding jargon and complexity/verbosity. Related info is still included later down in the text.

Your browser's `find` function will give unexpected results because it doesn't have
access to the full content of a document, but you can still use your browser find

> function from the browser menu if you want, or you can disable the intelligent search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function from the browser menu if you want, or you can disable the built-in document search
```

Author: This has been incorporated in a separate commit.

> shortcut using the advanced settings editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shortcut using the advanced settings editor, or disable the windowed notebook rendering to expose the full document to the browser (at expense of performance).
```

When you leave Simple Interface mode, the original layout of the main
area is restored.

Searching
---------

JupyterLab has an advanced built-in search plugin for finding text within a

> notebook or other document, which uses the `Ctrl-F` shortcut by default.

Reviewer 2: In RST file, you need to use double tick to get the text highlighted in mono space and in other places the `+` seems to be used rather than `-` to point to combine keys shortcut:

```suggestion
notebook or other document, which uses the ``Ctrl+F`` (``Cmd+F`` for macOS) shortcut by default.
```

The shortcut is actually Cmd-F for Apple.

> Your browser's `find` function will give unexpected results because it doesn't have

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your browser's ``find`` function will give unexpected results because it doesn't have
```
